Sang-beom.
Sang-beom, you idiot. My goodness.
Please, sir.
Sir.
-Let it slide this once.
-Sir.
He's just an ignorant fool. Please, sir.
It's all my fault. I'm so sorry. Please.
Come here, you fool.
Sang-beom!
How dare you!
Please, sir! Are you okay?
-I'm sorry.
-Move!
I'm so sorry.
-Stop hitting him!
-I'm so sorry.
Please don't kill them! Please!
Why are you doing this to us?
You bastard!
Stop it, you s***!
Stop it!
You can't do that to an old man!
Go ahead. Shoot me!
Shoot me, you bastard!
Comrade Joo!
Go ahead.
Shoot. Shoot me!
Shoot me, you bastard!
Comrade Joo!
Damn it!
He tried to steal our money--
Lock the three in the prayer room.
That hurts.
You idiot!
You can't just stop
getting into trouble, can you?
What on earth did you do this time?
Shut up.
It's all your fault
I turned out this way.
What?
Aren't hundreds of special forces
surrounding this place? Aren't they?
There are just three of them.
Can't they just snipe at them?
They're being cautious
because the hostages might get hurt.
They're right out there.
This is driving me crazy!
Stop it, you idiot!
Oh, my back. It hurts so much.
-Hey.
-Yes?
-Are you okay?
-What? Yes.
Untie me too. Untie me first!
Listen, sir.
I'll tell you a way out of here,
so take him with you.
A way out of here?
Is there a way out?
Come on.
This way.
Here. This is the one.
Where does this lead?
If you go all the way down the stairs,
you'll find the exit on basement two.